[Music]
Bloomberg Audio Studios podcasts, radio,
news.
[Music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of
the All Thoughts Podcast. I'm Tracy
Aloway
>> and I'm Joe Weisenthal.
>> Joe, we are still at Jackson Hole.
>> Yes. By the time this episode comes out,
the dust will have settled over the
entire event and we will have gotten
well, we already had the speech from Fed
Chair Jerome Pal, right? And this
afternoon, as we're recording, we're
seeing markets surging. Um, everyone, it
seems, has interpreted this as pretty
dovish.
>> Yeah, that's right. Ann Wong at
Bloomberg had an interesting piece.
Well, maybe it wasn't as dovish as
people think, but
>> it felt dovish in the context of,
>> you know, a recent chat with Austin
Goulby recent he was concerned about
he's starting to look at that inflation
data a little bit more. Felt dobish in
the context of our recent episode with
Kansas City Fed President Jeffrey
Schmidt. He too was talking about how,
you know, things are maybe still looking
a little warm on
>> you could be talking about hikes. If you
look at the Taylor rule, you know, you
could argue maybe rates should be a
little higher. Anyway, I think we should
continue on our our survey of as many
Fed presidents as we can.
>> All right. Uh well, we do have the
perfect guest. On that note, a friend of
the pod, Richmond Fed President Tom
Barkin. Welcome back. It's good to see
you.
>> Yeah, good to see you guys, too.
>> Thanks so much for doing this, taking
time out of your, you know, hiking and
conferencing schedule. So, we appreciate
it. Why don't we just start with the
obvious question which is I I guess you
talked earlier this week that the
balance between employment risks and
inflation risks is really unclear at the
moment. Pal seemed to heir on the side
of the labor market, right? He kind of
chose to prioritize that. Do you think
that's the right move?
>> Well, as you said, I've been saying I'm
confused about everything. I'm confused
about the labor market and the and the
inflation side. And I think there's lots
of people who come up with different
views of how to weigh the risks. Here's
the interesting thing. We've been
hearing from uh businesses for a year
and a half that they haven't been
hiring. We've been seeing in the number
that they haven't been hiring. They also
haven't been laying people off. And when
we get into the jobs numbers that kept
coming in at 130,000 a month or 120,000
a month, that seemed strange, but it was
good news. I mean, there's nothing wrong
with a lot of jobs. And so what we saw
last month was a different jobs report
with a jobs revision that now sort of
says, "Hey, we're growing at 35,000 jobs
a month." That actually makes a little
more intuitive sense to me uh given what
I'm hearing in the marketplace. If
you're not hiring, then where are the
new hires coming from? And by the way,
we'll get a revision a QCW in September
that probably will take those numbers
down again. And so if you're dealing
with a 130,000 job market, that's a very
different level of confidence than if
you're dealing with a 35,000 or even
maybe even a zero uh job growth market.
And I think that's where the concern
comes from. What holds you back from
being overly concerned is the
unemployment rate, which still is at
4.2%.
Perfectly really good unemployment rate,
you know, at any time in any cycle. And
so you know, how much how lucky do you
feel D? Did you feel in the jobs growth?
How much do you feel in the unemployment
rate? The gap between the two obviously
is driven by we're not having net
migration, you know, into the country
the way that we used to. You could call
that 2 million uh a year. My generation,
the baby boomer is baby boomers are
aging out of the workforce. I'm not
aging nor am I out of the workforce, but
my generation is. And that's maybe a
million3 people 65 and older increase
out of the workforce over the last 3
years per year. And then, you know, this
temporary protected status thing takes
some more people out of the workforce.
And so it's possible that, you know,
we're seeing zero job growth and that's
going to keep the unemployment rate
steady. But, you know, there's nothing
wrong with being nervous about that. I
think you also have to be nervous on the
inflation side. And we weren't at 2%
before all the tariff talk. All the
tariff stuff's coming in. It's not
hitting inflation nearly as much as some
people thought, but people are still
passing it on. You would have seen
Walmart's earnings report yesterday
where they talked about it or Home Depot
or, you know, people are talking about
>> Yeah. Walmart basically said it's
coming. It's coming. Now, it doesn't
have to be as severe as, you know,
people like to think, and we can talk
about that if you want, but it's coming.
So, I like to say monetary policy is
really easy threequarters of the time.
You know, when uh inflation's high and
unemployment's low, raise rates. And
when you have the opposite situation,
lower rates. And you know, if
inflation's low and unemployment's low,
you can spend a few more days at Jackson
Hole. But if you're going to have risk
on the inflation side and risk on the
employment side, that's when it gets
hard. Talk to us about your
interpretation of Powell's speech
because it does seem like actually there
is not consensus and how quote dovish it
was the market surged but when you heard
it or when you read it I don't know when
you saw it whenever you when it maybe do
you get it in advance I'm just curv so
you were you read it at the same time uh
as we did like what was your read on it
>> so I think you guys are all incredibly
talented and much more talented than I
am at interpreting speeches
>> so uh come on
>> he's being very diplomatic believe it or
Not I actually gave a speech last week
and one of the Fed commentators went
through my last paragraph and compared
it to my last paragraph before and said
see Barkin has changed in these ways.
I'm like huh that was really well done.
I I you know I was even sophisticated.
>> So the commentator was correct in a way
that you actually yourself thought about
respect.
>> So um so when you guys read these
speeches I mean the commas matter the
sentences matter. That's really our
call. For what it's worth, that's our
colleagues who are doing the commas. But
let's give us let's hear your team.
>> And I and I'm sure Jay's very
sophisticated in his team. So I'm sure
they're also thinking about that. So I'm
not saying people get no accidents.
>> But when I read it and when I heard I
actually heard it live for the first
time, so I didn't read it before it came
out.
>> It seemed like a perfectly
downthe-middle speech to me. If you
would asked me what the markets would
have done, I guess I would have imagined
that they'd read it as modestly dovish.
It seemed like I read it as more dovish
than I heard it. But what do I know? I
mean, I'm just uh listening to the
speech like everybody else. Well, I
mean, this kind of begs the question,
but Pal could easily have just said, you
know, we're data dependent and we're
going to wait for the next CPI number,
the next payrolls number. Instead, he
chose to really emphasize the labor side
of the dual mandate. Why? Why is that?
>> I mean, you'd have to ask, you know, him
when he comes on the show. I know you'll
have a lot of questions for him on that.
>> Tell him he should come on the show.
>> I will say one thing that's odd about
Jackson Hole every year is it's the
period where we have the longest break
between me and
>> Right. Right.
>> And this time, not only do we have a
long break between meetings, but you
know, the day after or two days after
his press conference, we got these big
revisions on the job report. So, I don't
know, maybe you could imagine there was
a trying to mark to market the from the
press conference to hear. I don't know.
I mean, it's uh he knows what he does.
>> Something that came up in our
conversation with Jeff Schmid was this
idea that, and I'm curious how this sort
of jibes with um what you've been
hearing from businesses. You know, when
we talked to Mary Daly in Alaska a few
weeks ago, she said, you know, the
revisions made sense to me actually kind
of like what you're saying because
actually this is fitting with the
anecdotal commentary that I've been
hearing that and intuitively right post
liberation day, lots of anxiety,
uncertainty. Yeah, it makes sense.
There'd be a hiring slowdown. However,
something that uh Casey Fed President
Schmid said was, "Yes, it fits, but
well, the uncertainty is easing now.
tariffs are not as uncertain as they
were in the middle of April by any
stretch even though there's new
headlines almost every day. There's
nowhere near as much uncertainty and
then maybe that was the cycle low for
the year that sort of April, May, June,
July period. Does that seem plausible to
you based on what you're seeing out
there?
>> Yeah. So, I've been describing that as
driving in the fog. Um, and you know,
I've been saying that when you're
driving in the fog, it's hard to put
your foot on the bra on the gas because
you don't know what's around the next
curve. And you don't want to put your
foot on the brakes either because you
don't know what someone behind you is
going to run into you. So, you pull over
and put on the hazards. That's a a money
analogy I've been using for a few
months. But, but what I've been saying,
you know, the last uh month is I think
the fog is lifting.
>> And I do think we've got, you know,
what's happening on the immigration
side, you know, what's happening on the
deregulation side. different sectors in
different you have different points of
view on that. We have a tax bill, so you
know what that looks like. And people
have a, you know, at least what the
boundaries look like on tariffs. Now, I
don't think they're ever going to be
once set, done, and we'll know the rules
for forever. I think it's a tool that is
going to surface again and again. But I
think people sort of know what that is.
And so when I'm talking to businesses,
it feels like it's shifting now that,
you know, I'm going to now torture the
analogy because they think the road's
bumpy, right? And so I still hear a lot
of not hiring, not firing. I'm gonna,
you know, be a little cautious with my
cost. I'm going to do it through
attrition, not through layoffs. I still
hear that. I've heard a few stories of
leaning into investing, particularly
supported by some of the depreciation
stuff. You know, I've been waiting for
this tax thing to pass, so I have
certainly, but I wouldn't say not at
scale, you know, modest amounts of it.
The one place where you might be seeing
the sentiment change is on the consumer
side. And I've been hearing from the
retailers I'm talking to and from the
manufacturers I've talked to of a lift
in consumer spending starting in, you
know, end of June into July. If you look
at the credit card data, you'll see a
big increase in July, which has
continued the first two weeks of August.
It would make sense that a bunch of
consumers who by the way still have
jobs,
>> real wages are still up as inflation
comes down and the markets are obviously
healthy. Both asset valuations and
houses or stock market all very healthy
that that they might have taken a step
back in the context of all the news in
April and May and maybe now they're
coming back in. So that that's the one
place I'm starting to see movement. I'm
I'm very attentive. You know, we'll get
the PCE next week. Very attentive to
what we're seeing. or not. You could
imagine, you know, a temporary air
pocket as consumers sort of pulled back
worried and you see this in the consumer
sentiment data that inflation was going
to hit huge numbers and all of a sudden,
you know, people were going to be
unemployed and they were going to have
issues and now they're not seeing it.
It's possible.
>> Do you think that we're maybe getting a
bit of a reaceleration in the economy at
this point? Because you look at retail
sales, they were very strong as you
point out. You look at the city economic
surprise index that's been ticking up.
Some of the regional surveys are
starting to improve a little bit. Do you
see that reaceleration impetus?
>> You know, it's possible. Like I said, I
sort of see the energy on the consumer
side. We'll see how long it lasts. You
know, I think you can call a
reaceleration when you get there. I
definitely am not talking to businesses
who are talking about blowing out
earnings, and I I don't I don't hear one
of those kind of accelerations. So, I
don't hear frothiness
>> uh yet, but I am hearing some very
positive vibes on the consumer spending
side, which I'm pleased to hear. If
inflation is warm and maybe if there's
upside risk still to inflation, why
could there be more to it than just yeah
tariffs are maybe but like could there
be something more going on and perhaps
that consumer strength pretty large
deficit still even with the revenue
that's coming in from tariffs
>> maybe someone like the spend I don't
know what do you think is the story on
inflation how much is tariffs and how
much is other stuff
>> well so I just think it takes a long
time to get inflation back to 2% if you
go back and look at the Vulkar years.
And of course, he did stuff to the
economy that was much more aggressive
than what we did. And he of course he
had inflation that was much more
ingrained and didn't have an inflation
target, but he took rates up a lot.
Inflation came down a lot, but it didn't
get to 2%. It was four.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah.
>> And you know, it sort of eaked its way
down from four to three and a half to
three to two and a half and then
>> throughout the 80s and 90s.
>> Exactly. For 20 years until it sort of
hit two and sort of started sticking
around two.
>> So I give you that just for perspective.
And you know, again, from my experience,
I'll tell you why that happens, which is
people don't just immediately go back to
the old number. You've got some amount
of catch-up to do wages and prices.
People who didn't raise it. People's
expectations, I think, are are very
significantly triggered by actual
inflation. And so, my old job, we had to
raise prices every year, and we sort of
thought about it, and a lot of times we
raise price based on last year's
inflation. And so, it just there's some
stickiness to it. And so what we've seen
is very encouraging on the inflation
numbers. They've gone from, you know,
seven at their peak down to, you know,
somewhere in the high twos. Maybe it'll
tick up to the three now. And so I think
that's one piece of it. Actual just take
it's sticky. It takes a while. And then
the second piece of it is I do think
you've got this tariff concern in there
and that people are passing on costs and
then people who don't even have the
costs are using this as a a cover to
pass on cost.
>> So just real quickly then if there's all
these factors etc. Why is there
conversation about cutting rates? Or if
there is conversation about cutting
rates, how seriously should the should
people be t take the 2% commitment?
>> Well, so there's calibration going on.
So you've got unemployment that's low,
but maybe trending up. You've got
inflation that's been coming down
>> and maybe ticked up, but maybe for
one-time reasons, and you've got, okay,
a a neutral rate that is by all accounts
lower than where we are, but lots of
debate about is it just a little bit
lower or is it significantly lower? And
so I think those three things go
together. And people just ask it do you
recalibrate to a different number in the
context of this or you know are we are
we well positioned where we are.
>> This discussion actually reminds me
what's your story for why inflation did
come down in the post-pandemic period.
Is it the sort of immaculate
disinflation explanation where the
supply chain pressures just started
dissipating or did the the Fed's actions
actually have you know a kind of
sledgehammer effect here?
>> I think it's an all of the above. I
mean, if the Fed doesn't act when people
expect us to act, then I think that sort
of unwinds expectations in a way that's
not very helpful. On the other hand, you
can't ignore that a lot of the supply
constraints that were driving prices up,
commodity prices, ships backed up in
harbors, chips not in cars, people not
at work, those things also ameliorated.
We also had a really big immigration uh
number for about two years. That meant,
you know, the supply side, the jobs got
filled a lot faster. it, you know,
definitely released the pressure on a
lot of things. So, supply helped.
Hopefully, the Fed did its part and the
combination of those things brought it
down.
[Music]
When we were in Alaska, we learned that
there is a major furniture expo every
year in your district in uh in North
Carolina. Also, North Carolina is like I
think if people think of like regions
that have lost from trade or regions
that got hit really hard by free trade,
I'm not even sure if it's true, but
certainly that is the perception. It's
actually it's your district.
>> Well, this is one thing we learned by
traveling with Tom and going on some of
his trips to talk to local businesses.
There is a sense that manufacturing in
North Carolina has been hollowed out
>> there. Absolutely is a very strong
sense. But there's also cities in North
Carolina that are some of the most
dynamic in the entire country,
especially over the last couple of
decades. But I'm just curious right now
like tariffs in your district, what are
you seeing?
>> So, um, no question historically the
textile industries, the furniture
industries got hit very hard. If you
look at the Carolinas though and you
took the last 25 years, you'd say
there's also been a lot of foreignbased
manufacturers that have put
manufacturing sites. I'm thinking of
Greenville, South Carolina, Spartanberg,
where I was uh you last week, where
you've got BMW and big auto
manufacturers, you know, and their whole
supply chains coming into town. You
know, what we hear right now is it's
very different by sector you're in. Uh
and it's very different by your position
in that sector. So, there are a lot of
people who manufacture in south in South
and North Carolina, but they source
abroad and they're very worried about
their cost. Think of the big auto
manufacturers. There's a lot of people
who manufacture in North Carolina and
they're 100% Americanmade and they think
this is the greatest thing in the world
because they'll get protection for their
sectors or the people on the other side
who've been you know putting low cost
they're going to get. So it's very very
dependent on where you sit. Well,
speaking of, you know, specific sectors
potentially benefiting, there are loads
of tariff headlines still coming in, but
one of them that caught my eye was Trump
saying that he was going to start a
furniture tariff investigation with a
view to setting tariffs on furniture
imports into the US specifically to help
North Carolina. What's your immediate
reaction when you see a headline like
that?
>> Well, we've been seeing a lot of
headlines, you know, on the tariffs
thing. So I I first thing I don't do is
I try not to surf headlines too much.
We'll see what tariffs get applied on
what industries, with what duration, on
what products, and that's what a lot of
the manufacturers I talk to also do. I'm
sure the people who manufacture
furniture in North Carolina would be uh
very supportive. There aren't actually
all that many. A lot of jobs have been
lost. And I think if people start to
consider bringing jobs back, the thing
you hear about, you know, over and over
and over again is just availability of
workforce and the cost of workforce. You
know, the jobs that I think are most
likely to come back are ones that are
the least dependent on workforce or have
the highest skilled workforce or have
high paid, you know, workforce. And a
lot of these jobs have gone to places
with very lowcost workforces. And I
don't know the level of tariff that one
would need to get to to, you know, bring
those jobs back. But it's a pretty
significant uh number. The other thing
that's really not talked about much that
I just think is interesting, I was in
Hickory, which is a factory town. I
talked to a lot of furniture
manufacturers there and they're looking
for workers. This is during the co and
they were, you know, having a very
strong uh demand cycle.
But I I went to a community college. I
talked to a bunch of workers there. And
I said, "Well, you guys training to get
in the furniture industry." And several
of them told me, you know, my dad was in
there and got laid off and so we're not
going there. you know, the thought that
people are waiting to go back into the
job stability matters a lot too. And so
as we bring jobs back in the country,
which would be great and I hope we do,
making sure they're stable jobs and
they're jobs that are going to be around
for a generation is very important, I
think, in terms of getting workers into
the jobs. We are recording this the day
that uh Chairman Powell gave his final
speech as Fed chair at Jackson Hall. It
was a policy speech and he did not talk
about
Fed independence and the attacks on Fed
independence that are coming from the
White House and so forth or the pro the
political pressure that the Fed has been
coming under. when you think about
inflation, maybe not in the short term,
maybe not, you know, the latest PPI
reading or whatever, but when you think
about like the long-term like the
ability of the Fed to maintain that 2%
inflation, do you think about like well
will the US political system have the
sort of stomach to preserve a Fed as a
independent agentic force in the
economy?
Well, so we've all relearned something
in the last 5 years that we didn't know
we needed to relearn, which was how much
we hate inflation.
>> Yeah.
>> And inflation, you know, it feels
unfair. You get a raise and then, you
know, the money gets spent somewhere
else. It's creates uncertainty. And
frankly, it's just exhausting. It's
exhausting to deal with people who are
trying to raise your prices or to shop
around for better prices or deal with,
you know, uh, vendors. And so, if
there's one thing I think the American
people have aligned on over the last 5
years, it's just how much we hate
inflation. And you know there's been a
lot of work done uh in a lot of
countries in terms of what's the best
way to get inflation under control in an
independent central bank is the answer
to that question. The research is is
very powerful.
>> But do you worry that like the that the
that over the medium term that the sort
of political system that has allowed for
an entity like the Fed to exist and
operate outside of the electoral cycle
is under stress. I hope and I expect
that this country is going to recognize
that independent central bank is the
best way to get under control the thing
which we hate the most.
>> Just on the people hate inflation point
um which I think is a very salient idea.
You've been very vocal on the idea of
like companies having learned the
inflation playbook, right? like they
tested um price elasticity during the
last round of high inflation and you
know maybe maybe there's more of an
impulse this time around to raise prices
to offset either higher input costs or
higher tariff costs. Are you still sort
of on the inflationary impulse side? Do
you think that residual experience still
matters?
>> I definitely think the residual
experience matters. When I talk to
companies about the tariffs that that
hit them, the first thing you hear is
I'm going to pass it on to my customers.
But I also think this residual
experience matters on the customer side.
>> You know, I guess I just remind
everybody that this isn't 2022. In 2022,
a bunch of supply costs hit a bunch of
companies that passed it on. And the
people who received them, you and I, we
hadn't spent money for a year and a half
uh with COVID. We'd gotten stimulus
payments. Our assets were quite frothy
and highly valued. We were ready for
revenge spending and we spent. And
that's 2022. We're not in 2022. when by
the way we also had accommodated
monetary policy. We're in 2025 where we
have restrictive monetary policy and in
addition you have consumers who are
already trading down and so I've said
earlier they've got money but they're
not dying to spend it and what you hear
is normal price retailer to value
retailer beef to chicken um vacation to
station that's that's what you're
hearing and people and private label is
growing and so I think those customers
are not going to accept those price
increases the same way they have and
it's sort of Milton Friedmany a little
bit if there's not more money in the
system how are you going to get
inflation
argue there's some money in the system
and you'll get some inflation.
But I don't think you're going to get
anywhere near the
company that's now learned how to pass
on prices is going to meet a consumer
who's ready to resist it.
>> You mentioned restrictiveness just then
and this is something that pal also said
in the speech today. He said, you know,
rates are still restrictive. I think he
said albeit modestly so. But when I look
at stocks at all-time highs and credit
spreads at, you know, basically 30-year
lows, financial conditions, things don't
seem all that restrictive if you look
specifically at the market. H how is the
Fed sort of coming to the conclusion
about the relation of benchmark rates
here or the character of
>> As you can tell from the SCP, different
people have different models. Um the
model that we use in Richmond, you know,
has a lot to do with the impact of rates
on the economy. And so, you know, you
can see what rates are and you can lag
it and look a year later and see what
the impact is. One thing I like to look
at is nominal consumption.
>> Um, nominal consumption was quite
elevated during the pandemic. We raised
rates and it came down still at a decent
level. It's been it's been sort of 5 a
half% until the last couple months, but
it sort of seems to have come off that
um in the last month or two. We'll see
what the more recent data is, but that
nominal consumption is a great way to
look at it because it just says what's
happening in rates to what people are
doing in the economy. I do agree there
are lots of other factors that affect
dynamism in the economy. And if the
market's frothy, a thing we don't
control, that's also part of it. But in
the part we control, I think you can see
it by its works. I think I just have uh
one more question for you. And I just
feel like maybe because you talk to
businesses so much, maybe you're have
some fresh insight on this. Do you hear
much about electricity prices in your
conversations these days? Because I feel
like they're starting to be in the news
and the strain on the grid and what for
whatever reason. How's that that you
hearing much about that?
>> A lot of concern about electricity
availability.
>> Okay.
>> You know, are we going to have enough
electricity to power all the AI and all
the data centers are going up.
>> You know, there are there are states,
you know, Virginia is one where data
centers are quite right. And so, you do
hear a little bit of public concern
about what's this all going to mean?
Yeah.
>> But just a reminder that electricity
prices tend to lag significantly. They
got to go through rate processes. Every
state is different.
>> And so, you know, I'm not sure that's
hitting the consumer public. I I do hear
lots of I'll just call it local
infrastructure funding costs being
passed on to consumers and consumers
making trade-offs in that context. So,
you know, there was a big water increase
in a town I was in in Maryland a month
ago and a lot of conversations about
people not paying their water bill
because so you do hear it more broadly,
but I wouldn't say that the price has
yet hit.
>> Okay. So, I'm going to ask a sort of on
the ground color question, but when you
think about this Jackson Hole and you
think about maybe last year's Jackson
Hole in 2024, can you compare and
contrast the vibes? How are they
different?
>> Yeah, this is my eighth one. Two of them
were virtual. They're not nearly as good
when they're virtual.
>> I bet no fish.
>> It's a nice It's a nice picture. Uh I'd
say in general the vibe is is uh pretty
much the same. um every time I mean uh I
really like them because there's a they
they turn over the population a little
you know and so there are new academics
every time new academics I haven't met
new leaders I haven't met so that's kind
of fun for me and I get that but I I I'm
not sure the vibe changes all that much
it's a it's a real privilege to be
invited to a place like this and I enjoy
it and I I don't spend a lot of time
thinking about uh the vibes exactly all
right Tom Barkin thank you so much for
coming back on a thoughts really
appreciate it
>> and always appreciate with you. Thank
you.
>> Thank you so much. That's fantastic.
[Music]
>> Joe, you know, I have some furniture
from North Carolina. It's really good
quality. Maybe
>> made in North Carolina, not just
imported through the portion or the
shows of North Carolina.
>> No, actually made in North Carolina. And
I know that because it's vintage. So it
was probably back when Yeah. the
furniture industry was a little bit
bigger there.
>> I do think like did North Carolina I
mean as a long-standing debate some of
the biggest boom cities of the 2000s and
2010s were like you know Durham and all
those places etc. You know it's still
like going back
a huge boom city. All the banking stuff
there like you think about the last 25
years. This is the area that we think is
like most quote hollowed out etc. It's
also like one of the fastest growing
areas of the whole is it complic even
even the past is complicated. Hindsight
is not 2020.
>> Yeah. And I think complication is sort
of complication and uncertainty are the
big buzzwords of this conference.
Clearly like we hear it over and over
again that there are risks on both the
employment side of the mandate and the
price side of the mandate and central
bankers basically have to make like a
tough choice over which one they're
going to concentrate on. I did think it
was interesting that Tom mentioned that
he read Pal's speech as more down the
middle than perhaps the market did.
>> No, I thought that was interesting, too.
I like the um the fog analogy that you
actually don't want to break too much of
the fog fog either because the car
behind you might not react to time.
Thought that was really good. I also
like the part about how threequarters of
the time being a central banker is
really easy because either you hike or
you cut or you go on a hike in Wyoming.
But the but the fourth time like the
fear is stagflation.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Like that's just that's what that
that's what that fourth. So he was like
this is that fourth time. Now how
persistent whether it be whether but the
basic like what we're talking about in
all these conversations what we're
talking about is this building anxiety
about stagflation.
>> It's stagflation combined with really
difficult to predict timelines for
exactly when it materializes. Right.
Like that also seems to be a
complicating factor.
>> Okay. Well on that note, should we leave
it there? Let's leave it there.
>> This has been another episode of the All
Thoughts Podcast. I'm Tracy Aloway. You
can follow me at Tracy Aloway.
>> And I'm Jill Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart. Follow our producers
Kerman Rodriguez at Carmen Arman,
Dashelob Bennett at Dashbot, and Kale
Brooks at Kalebrooks. For more OddLots
content, go to bloomberg.com/odlots.
We have the daily newsletter and all of
our episodes. And you can chat about all
of these topics 24/7 in our Discord,
discord.gg/ods.
And if you enjoy all thoughts, if you
like it when we catch up with Fed
presidents, then please leave us a
positive review on your favorite podcast
platform. And remember, if you are a
Bloomberg subscriber, you can listen to
all of our episodes absolutely adree.
All you need to do is find the Bloomberg
channel on Apple Podcast and follow the
instructions there. Thanks for
listening.
Yeah.
[Music]